README.md
package.xml
setup.cfg
setup.py
../../build/my_turtlebot/my_turtlebot.egg-info/PKG-INFO
../../build/my_turtlebot/my_turtlebot.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
../../build/my_turtlebot/my_turtlebot.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
../../build/my_turtlebot/my_turtlebot.egg-info/entry_points.txt
../../build/my_turtlebot/my_turtlebot.egg-info/requires.txt
../../build/my_turtlebot/my_turtlebot.egg-info/top_level.txt
../../build/my_turtlebot/my_turtlebot.egg-info/zip-safe
launch/turtlebot_bringup.launch.py
launch/turtlebot_gazebo.launch.py
launch/turtlebot_localization.launch.py
launch/turtlebot_rviz.launch.py
launch/turtlebot_simulation.launch.py
maps/map.pgm
maps/map.yaml
models/Backpack/model.config
models/Backpack/model.sdf
models/Backpack/materials/textures/Backpack.png
models/Backpack/meshes/Backpack.dae
models/Backpack/thumbnails/1.png
models/Backpack/thumbnails/2.png
models/Backpack/thumbnails/3.png
models/Backpack/thumbnails/4.png
models/Backpack/thumbnails/5.png
models/Bookshelf/bookshelf_diffuse.jpg
models/Bookshelf/model-1_2.sdf
models/Bookshelf/model-1_3.sdf
models/Bookshelf/model-1_4.sdf
models/Bookshelf/model.config
models/Bookshelf/model.sdf
models/Bookshelf/thumbnails/1.png
models/Bookshelf/thumbnails/2.png
models/Bookshelf/thumbnails/3.png
models/Bookshelf/thumbnails/4.png
models/Bookshelf/thumbnails/5.png
models/Cardboard box/model.config
models/Cardboard box/model.sdf
models/Cardboard box/materials/textures/cardboard_box.png
models/Cardboard box/meshes/cardboard_box.dae
models/Cardboard box/thumbnails/1.png
models/Cardboard box/thumbnails/2.png
models/Cardboard box/thumbnails/3.png
models/Cardboard box/thumbnails/4.png
models/Cardboard box/thumbnails/5.png
models/DRC_Practice_135_degree_barriers/model-1_4.sdf
models/DRC_Practice_135_degree_barriers/model.config
models/DRC_Practice_135_degree_barriers/model.sdf
models/DRC_Practice_135_degree_barriers/thumbnails/1.png
models/DRC_Practice_135_degree_barriers/thumbnails/2.png
models/DRC_Practice_135_degree_barriers/thumbnails/3.png
models/DRC_Practice_135_degree_barriers/thumbnails/4.png
models/DRC_Practice_135_degree_barriers/thumbnails/5.png
models/Drc_practice_orange_jersey_barrier/model-1_4.sdf
models/Drc_practice_orange_jersey_barrier/model.config
models/Drc_practice_orange_jersey_barrier/model.sdf
models/Drc_practice_orange_jersey_barrier/meshes/jersey_barrier.dae
models/MiR100/model.config
models/MiR100/model.sdf
models/MiR100/meshes/MiR100_Diffuse.png
models/MiR100/meshes/WheelMain.mtl
models/MiR100/meshes/WheelMain.obj
models/MiR100/meshes/WheelSide.mtl
models/MiR100/meshes/WheelSide.obj
models/MiR100/meshes/body.mtl
models/MiR100/meshes/body.obj
models/MiR100/thumbnails/1.png
models/MiR100/thumbnails/2.png
models/MiR100/thumbnails/3.png
models/MiR100/thumbnails/4.png
models/MiR100/thumbnails/5.png
models/MonitorAndKeyboard/model.config
models/MonitorAndKeyboard/model.sdf
models/MonitorAndKeyboard/meshes/keyboard.mtl
models/MonitorAndKeyboard/meshes/keyboard.obj
models/MonitorAndKeyboard/meshes/monitor.mtl
models/MonitorAndKeyboard/meshes/monitor.obj
models/MonitorAndKeyboard/thumbnails/1.png
models/MonitorAndKeyboard/thumbnails/2.png
models/MonitorAndKeyboard/thumbnails/3.png
models/MonitorAndKeyboard/thumbnails/4.png
models/MonitorAndKeyboard/thumbnails/5.png
models/OfficeChairBlue/model.config
models/OfficeChairBlue/model.sdf
models/OfficeChairBlue/meshes/OfficeChairBlue.mtl
models/OfficeChairBlue/meshes/OfficeChairBlue.obj
models/OfficeChairBlue/meshes/OfficeChairBlue.png
models/OfficeChairBlue/meshes/OfficeChairBlue_Col.mtl
models/OfficeChairBlue/meshes/OfficeChairBlue_Col.obj
models/OfficeChairBlue/thumbnails/1.png
models/OfficeChairBlue/thumbnails/2.png
models/OfficeChairBlue/thumbnails/3.png
models/OfficeChairBlue/thumbnails/4.png
models/OfficeChairBlue/thumbnails/5.png
models/OfficeChairBlue/thumbnails/meta/1.png
models/OfficeChairBlue/thumbnails/meta/2.png
models/OfficeChairBlue/thumbnails/meta/3.png
models/OfficeChairBlue/thumbnails/meta/4.png
models/OfficeChairBlue/thumbnails/meta/5.png
models/Parrot Bebop 2/model.config
models/Parrot Bebop 2/model.sdf
models/Parrot Bebop 2/meshes/hull.dae
models/Parrot Bebop 2/meshes/propeller_fl.dae
models/Parrot Bebop 2/meshes/propeller_fr.dae
models/Parrot Bebop 2/meshes/propeller_rl.dae
models/Parrot Bebop 2/meshes/propeller_rr.dae
models/Parrot Bebop 2/thumbnails/1.png
models/Parrot Bebop 2/thumbnails/2.png
models/Parrot Bebop 2/thumbnails/3.png
models/Parrot Bebop 2/thumbnails/4.png
models/Parrot Bebop 2/thumbnails/5.png
models/Pioneer 3AT/model-1_3.sdf
models/Pioneer 3AT/model-1_4.sdf
models/Pioneer 3AT/model.config
models/Pioneer 3AT/model.sdf
models/Pioneer 3AT/meshes/chassis.dae
models/Pioneer 3AT/meshes/wheel.dae
models/Pioneer 3AT/thumbnails/1.png
models/Pioneer 3AT/thumbnails/2.png
models/Pioneer 3AT/thumbnails/3.png
models/Pioneer 3AT/thumbnails/4.png
models/Pioneer 3AT/thumbnails/5.png
models/RecTable/model.config
models/RecTable/model.sdf
models/RecTable/meshes/RecTable.mtl
models/RecTable/meshes/RecTable.obj
models/RecTable/meshes/RecTable_Col.mtl
models/RecTable/meshes/RecTable_Col.obj
models/RecTable/meshes/rectable.png
models/RecTable/thumbnails/1.png
models/RecTable/thumbnails/2.png
models/RecTable/thumbnails/3.png
models/RecTable/thumbnails/4.png
models/RecTable/thumbnails/5.png
models/TrashBin/model.config
models/TrashBin/model.sdf
models/TrashBin/meshes/TrashBin.mtl
models/TrashBin/meshes/TrashBin.obj
models/TrashBin/meshes/TrashBin_Diffuse.png
models/TrashBin/thumbnails/1.png
models/TrashBin/thumbnails/2.png
models/TrashBin/thumbnails/3.png
models/TrashBin/thumbnails/4.png
models/TrashBin/thumbnails/5.png
models/cardboard_box/model.config
models/cardboard_box/model.sdf
models/cardboard_box/materials/textures/cardboard_box.png
models/cardboard_box/meshes/cardboard_box.dae
models/drc_practice_yellow_jersey_barrier/model-1_4.sdf
models/drc_practice_yellow_jersey_barrier/model.config
models/drc_practice_yellow_jersey_barrier/model.sdf
models/drc_practice_yellow_jersey_barrier/meshes/jersey_barrier.dae
models/final_project/model.config
models/final_project/model.sdf
models/final_project/materials/scripts/my_ground_plane.material
models/final_project/materials/scripts/wall.material
models/final_project/materials/textures/MyImage.jpg
models/final_project/materials/textures/gray-wall.jpg
models/final_project/meshes/chair.dae
models/marker/model.config
models/marker/model.sdf
models/marker/materials/scripts/my_marker_1.material
models/marker/materials/scripts/my_marker_2.material
models/marker/materials/scripts/my_marker_3.material
models/marker/materials/scripts/my_marker_4.material
models/marker/materials/scripts/my_marker_5.material
models/marker/materials/scripts/my_marker_stand.material
models/marker/materials/textures/marker_1.jpg
models/marker/materials/textures/marker_2.jpg
models/marker/materials/textures/marker_3.jpg
models/marker/materials/textures/marker_4.jpg
models/marker/materials/textures/marker_5.jpg
models/marker/materials/textures/metal_texture.jpg
models/marker/meshes/marker.dae
models/marker/meshes/marker_stand.dae
models/parrot_bebop_2/model.config
models/parrot_bebop_2/model.sdf
models/parrot_bebop_2/meshes/hull.dae
models/parrot_bebop_2/meshes/propeller_fl.dae
models/parrot_bebop_2/meshes/propeller_fr.dae
models/parrot_bebop_2/meshes/propeller_rl.dae
models/parrot_bebop_2/meshes/propeller_rr.dae
models/pioneer3at/model-1_3.sdf
models/pioneer3at/model-1_4.sdf
models/pioneer3at/model.config
models/pioneer3at/model.sdf
models/pioneer3at/meshes/chassis.dae
models/pioneer3at/meshes/wheel.dae
models/unit_box/model.config
models/unit_box/model.sdf
my_turtlebot/__init__.py
my_turtlebot/counter_based_mapper.py
my_turtlebot/integrated_loc_mapper.py
my_turtlebot/lidar_icp.py
my_turtlebot/lidar_sub.py
my_turtlebot/map_lidar.py
my_turtlebot/map_lidar_static.py
my_turtlebot/map_random.py
my_turtlebot/move_robot.py
my_turtlebot/odometry_mapper.py
my_turtlebot/particle_sub.py
my_turtlebot/prm_generator.py
resource/my_turtlebot
rviz/rviz_launch.rviz
test/test_copyright.py
test/test_flake8.py
test/test_pep257.py
worlds/lab_world.world